# My Seed

0e44815a770be7f8245670152280c319bdbea3d2828bb5cb365919fd8d2faf0d

# seed

222fd38a35d3c998aaed1fedcc4dd73a9e395451fb1553a42a7e9ccd089ab59e

# dummy contract address

020072d746dbec791445f9a69a2b8290a51f7dde8e46a7ad1aea92ad74dfe0b2ea5c

# HOW TO DEPLOY A NEW INSTANCE BY ADMIN

- Admin simply call the deploy function, providing the needed parameters for the constructor to deploy.

# HOW TO ADD AND REMOVE A NEW ADMIN

By calling the deploy circuit, and passing the admin's (to be deleted) publickey.

# USER INTERACTION WITH CONTRACTS/POOLS SCHEMA

To interact with any pool, users will have to join the contract they want to interact with when they select the pool they want to stake on.
The main contract has access to the contract addresses of every instance of the contract (POOL) that has been generated by admin(s).
We dynamically mapped the contract addresses on the UI as the available pool that users can participate in: this way, when a user selects a particular pool and the stake information, the dapp will join (detach from previous connection to anyother CA) the contract address of the selected pool. This gives users access to use parameters that are specific to the pool's contract.

NEEDS:
Information about pool: pool CA, name of token, token scale factor,

MUST:

- Circuit are thesame accross all Contracts. The contract address points to a different ledger: thereby affection different records on the ledger.
- Create reusable <<deploy>> function and <<join>> function for user and admin to use continously

# HOW TO KEEP TRACK OF EVERY DEPLOYED INSTANCT OF CONTRACT

Our app one main contract that it interacts with. The contract should

Several ways i can imagine.

The fist deployment of our app will be for tDUST. <!-- admin can create multiple pools for tdust -->

<!-- admin can remove a particular pool from pool listing -->

# STEPS

- move api to ui
- rewrite api to make it dynamic. Rewrite for: deploy contract, join contract, query state,
- redesign UI and make full

# ON THE API:

- Add check user role by comparing the connected wallet coinPublickKey to the super admin key or the list of admins
- return list of pool's contract address and their information
- protocolTVL, total_rewards_accrued, total_stake_withdrawn, total_stAsset_Minted, validAssetCoinType, StakePrivateState, Stake, StakeStatus, stakings, QualifiedCoinInfo, CoinInfo, SCALE_FACTOR, admins, stakePoolStatus, StakePoolStatus
